Otacon Oakland is the world's first
internet-connected hearing aid so that
gives it the ability to connect to all
types of smart devices smoke alarms
doorbells and now with the introduction
of Otakon open they have the same access
that everybody else has all the
excitement here today is about the fact
that it connects to the to the Internet
but really what's most important is that
this is a hearing aid and what you can
see about it is it's very small it's
discrete if it's very comfortably behind
the ear and all of this access to
technology is done Wire free so it's
really about being very convenient and
accessible for people with hearing loss
at the core of everything that it does
it's designed to help people hear better
and we're able to do that by ensuring
that there's an improvement in their
overall ability to understand speech and
also reduce their overall listening
effort which we know is extremely
important to people with a hearing loss
it improves their lives in a number of
different ways one is just convenience
you know being able to wake up in the
morning put your hearing aids on and at
the same time the lights come on or
perhaps the coffee pot but it's also
about providing peace of mind you know
if you're a caregiver you have a loved
one that lives remotely when they turn
their hearing instruments on and you
receive a text message telling you the
instruments go on you know that mom or
dad are saved or perhaps if I'm in the
home and I'm in the back part of the
house and someone's at my door
ordinarily I may not be able to hear
that I can actually receive an alert in
my device telling me it's Ellen's at
your front door so it's phenomenal um
it's also about healthy aging you know
we talk a lot about that in our
profession and and giving people the
independence knowing that there's
technology like this that can help them
remain independent that's also extremely
important well Oda con open is available
nationwide through hearing care
professionals the best way to find a
professional in your area is to go to
our website at Otakon comm you click on
find a professional enter your zip code
and you can find where there are
professionals in your area to access the
instrument
[Music]